while the situation in Gaza is very
tragic the blood is spilling every day
the situation in the West Bank is not
less serious people here feel like
they're helpless when you talk to these
families they tell you it's not new
Israel has always been violent against
us now the timing of it is making
violence increase and there's less
attention here in the occupied West Bank
I'm Nida ibraim alzer's correspondent in
the occupied West Bank and between us
it's been one heartbreaking story after
another we've been seeing before October
7th Israeli settlers burning Palestinian
towns and all of that was encouraged by
the sense of impunity those settlers had
you would see Israeli settlers getting
the maximum of a house
arrest and then on the other side you'd
see Palestinian children as young as
14 or less being imprisoned for months
for throwing a rock so people felt like
they were scared they were seeing images
of the Israeli violations in Al AA MOS
compound seeing women being beaten up
the strip searching that happened in
heon of women all of these things were
kind of a warning that there would be an
outburst the occupied West Bank has
became dissected into more than 200
pieces people are feeling that Israel is
using this time where all eyes are on
Gaza to complete the project in the
occupied West Bank which is expelling
more and more Palestinians from their
lands what used to be a silent transfer
is Not So Silent anymore
you've seen settlers going into
Palestinian lands kicking Palestinian
out kicking families out of their lands
children women and
men and we're talking about violence of
settlers that has already been high but
now after October 7th that violence has
reached drastic levels one of the people
who have been killed was someone I knew
since 2011 his name is Brahim wadii he
was participating in a funeral he was
bringing the bodies of four Palestinians
who have been killed by
settlers when a convoy of settlers
stopped them in the street shot them
killed ibraim and his
son and this is someone who's been
talking about settler violence for years
and years and he himself was killed by a
settler
sometimes when we're covering it's hard
to count how many raids are taking place
in the occupied West Bank you see them
in the north and in the South and in
refugee camps and in Janine and you have
Palestinians who are just going about
their daily lives who are getting killed
you have children who are killed people
here in the occupied West Bank they
always looked at Gaza as a symbol of
resistance resistance is very difficult
to come from the West bank and the
Palestinian Authority given its signed
agreements with Israel people here have
families in the besieged Gaza Strip but
they cannot visit them because they need
Israeli military permits that are almost
impossible to get so you have families
who have been separated and yet they're
following the news of them being killed
one thing I've been noticing more and
more over the past years but more so now
in this war that people feel that
they're totally alone that they've been
left by the world battling one of the
strongest
armies I think there's a lot that is not
being talked about enough about
Palestinians and their struggles about
expecting the victim to be a perfect one
about expecting Palestinians to abide by
all the morals and the
laws when they feel that they're being
cracked down upon every day that they
feel that their whole existence is in
question the war now is on the very
existence of
Palestinians not just as
individuals but as a
[Music]
nation